basic conditions
Mainly the commercialization of the degree of economic development
Behavior of economic agents
It turned out to be a variety of wear cases
Listening to speeches from afar
The degree of development of credit relationships
The behavior and degree of rationalization of economic agents
And cultural and communication customs, etc
Financial entities in various countries
Mainly by the financial industry
Bank securities insurance letter
Hello professors
Hello Mr. Chen
long-awaited name
This is
Hello, my name is Mu Demizi.
Nice to meet you. Hello.
Mr. He, please come and sit here
Professor Ge, I especially like your class
Better than our classroom teacher
It's really expensive.
Get lost for a while
After a while, I went crazy chasing songs
Rumor has it that this woman likes a lot of men
What are you looking at me for? Don't you have something to do this afternoon?
You should go
When do I have something to do?
What are they going to talk about?
Trade secrets?
Not cowardly
I'm going back to organize the report right away
Professor Ke, then I'll go first
Goodbye wait a minute
I have an afternoon off this weekend.
If you want to attend the class, you can come to me.
I can give you make-up lessons alone.
Thank you very much, Professor Ke.
I will definitely be there on time.